Create `.amplication/*` Folder For Packages (#2997)
amplication/amplication: packages/amplication-git-pull-request-service/README.md

## Environment Variables
| Environment | Description | Value       |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |

> | BASE_BUILDS_FOLDER | path to a folder where your builds will be saved | The default path will be inside your amplication repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BASE_BUILDS_FOLDER | absolute path to a folder where your builds will be saved | for development purposes, leave this variable empty to use `.amplication/storage` relative to the execution folder. 
```
